OMG! That first version 3.5 was messed up. I didn't realize how badly that thing was I think I actually compiled the wrong one. This second version's a little better. I haven't actually compiled it yet but yet I did a few changes. It's pretty much exactly like the first version only it actually works the way it says it the help file. I'm actually testing it on my mill while I type this. It's as slow as a turtle but yet,, I intend to improve that later,, but it will mill reasonable facsimile of anything you put on it.

I'm painstakingly develop this program over a period of four weeks. And only after many decades of experience. Starting in the 1970s. as well as showing traffic to
It doesn't allow any user input of path or file name. He uses the computer time to timestamp the file name. It doesn't access any directory other than the directory it was launched from there is no path. It doesn't make any DLL calls or calls to any outside programs. You can't just rename a program tool if you can't with other programs. The auto hockey interpreter has Microsoft certification..
this program only generates numeric ascii characters and letters There's no punctuation or file directory symbols. It doesn't attempt to take control of the G code interpreter,,, it only generates coordinates,,, there are no signed integers. 
This program only generates xy and Z Coordinates. This program does not generate any Actual gcode's commands that And change the state of the machine that the script is run on.  
This program does not generate any commands that could be used by any interpreter ,, just X Y and Z
This computer reads a bitmap image that's created by the user that can contain any fonts or shapes that are generated by any kind of text editor
This program is specifically designed to allow 30 18 milling machine to be used as a printer to engrave any image on any media
